Now there are no outsiders here
Mr. Shen doesn't have to face a shield
Act like you care
I'm just afraid of your delay.
Shen Ting, if possible
The past is unbearable
I don't want you to see anything
Xuxu, how dare you come back?
If it weren't for your boss protecting me
I'm going to kill you.
What is my boss wearing?
Your boss sentenced my son to six years
He also threatened me
Let me never see you again
Otherwise, let my son stay in jail
Oh, my son!
Physical restlessness
Why are you doing this for me?
I dare tell you
Don't think
Hooking up with rich people can get rid of me
Can I tell you?
If I tell you the shameful thing before
Tell you the beginning
Do you think he will still be with you?
Do you think I still care about this?
I've asked about them.
It's the kind of person who comes from Shangjing, who wastes face
Ha ha.
Then have you asked about it?
I'm just a kitten raised by Shen Tianlan